Welcome back.
Let's try a little bit of an exercise here.
I'm going to call the server that I have up here something more exciting like super awesome app.
Just do that.
Now while this is loading I want to go through the experience of getting a call in the middle of the
night again something that actually happened to me before.
And you get a message saying the app somehow got deleted on the server.
Can you upload it and have the app running again because users can't access the website.
So I'm going to show you the basics of what to do in that scenario.
So we have our super awesome app here.
And if we remember we can just access it through S-sh.
So let me minimize this.
And over here we can just from our desktop S-sh to our route and remember our IP address over here.
Hit enter.
We are now inside of the boun to server that we have bought with the Digital Ocean.
All right let me clear this just so we can see a little bit better now because this is a Linux operating
system on the server.
We need to install get if I Taiping get here.
All right.
Looks like the get command exists but sometimes that may not be the case in which case we'll have to
do apt or sudo apt get an apt get is a a way to install packages on the Ubuntu box and you can think
of it it's a little bit similar to and PM if you used NPM before or home brew if you've used Mac before.
We just want to install things.
So if I do sudo apt app dash get get it.
And I have to do install then you can see over here that I'm able to install it which is great.
All right so let's say that we have the app on our Get help page and for this example I'm just going
to go to our 0 2 M.E. open source projects that students have contributed to.
And I'll just click on the travel guide and we'll say I'll say that the travel guide.
That's the one that we want to clone.
Well in that case I can go in here and say get clone the repo and I'll say yes and actually we'll get
an error here because well permission is denied because we don't have S-sh set up with get how yet so
again going back here I'm going to use a piece copy to clipboard and try that again.
All right.
If I go LS now we see that we have our travel guide and we can go into our travel guide project.
And again if I ls there we see that we have our little app and all the files that we need onto the server.
How cool is that.
And here if we wanted to if this was accessible we can also do Appian install and you see that and PM
is currently not installed.
So again what do we do in this situation.
So now we can just run the no GIs and everything will be installed.
Nice and easy and we'll see that no ass is now working on our server and we can do obviously the same
with NPM run NPM install if we wanted to.
Anything to get our app back up and running.
But like I said before I don't want to get hung up on all these commands.
These are things that would stack overflow dot com or Google.
You can figure out again these are just commands that were able to run just like we can on our own computer
onto a remote server.
Another thing I wanted to show you is let's say that we have a super awesome app dot com over here just
like I have on my desktop by the way.
Pretty nice background today.
Anyway let's say that within here we have our index script and style file.
So just our Web site and we want to bring it up to our Ubuntu box here.
All right so let's say.
So the first thing we want to do is we want to exit out of here.
We see that we've logged out we're back to our desktop our own computer and here I have installed a
command called our sync.
So let's just see the end to super awesome dot com and from here we'll just say our sync
and we're going to copy all the files in this directory.
You can read up about these syntaxes online.
It's very important for this video just the fact that I'm copying anything recursively in this folder.
And we're going to copy it into our IP address.
Our Ubuntu box
and we're going to put it in a folder called super awesome dot com.
All right.
So now if we S-sh got to our box and I clear this and let's check out what we have.
We have super awesome dot.
If I cd into super awesome dot.com I see that I have my index script and style file all up into our
server somewhere out there in New York.
Awesome.
So there's that power of S-sh.
We're just able to transfer files and take command of a server somewhere else in the world.
Very cool.
I'll see you in the next one.
Babai.